what'd you tell him
what did I tell him I told I was here to
see the the plane crash that's my job
good it was no plane crash spacecraft
but that was a report about a possible
encounter with an alien being you want
to come with me
you are the human contact team it was
recommended in the Goodman report we
have a biochemist to assess the
physiology of the unknown life-form we
have a mathematician because that'll
probably be our common language and we
have an astrophysicist to locate its
place in the cosmos try to relax
so you're saying that you have a
fuselage from a spacecraft over a half a
mile long that crashed into the ocean
300 years ago is completely intact
that's right and the kicker is something
still running inside that's the heart of
darkness we go there
their heat coming off the slingers it
just happy to see me
anybody else wonder who the hell open
that door
it's human listen his hair I don't know
what is it
smokehouse almonds it's an American
spaceship in the 8000 years of recorded
history this is a first
you are now online with an alien
intelligence its name is Jerry he's
happy
what happens a Cheerios fan
hey guys I'm getting a reading on the
sonar you're not alone out there